Abstract
--------
The fidelity of numerical simulations of a dynamical system is constrained by
the chosen discretisation of the PDE. The holistic approach described in this paper
applies centre manifold theory to derive an asymptotically accurate
representation of the microscale dynamics by suitably constraining the macroscale dynamics
according to internal boundary conditions imposed at the end-points of each discrete interval.


This [holistic] approach is demonstrated on the one-dimensional Burgers' equation, chosen for its
known properties such as having unconditionally stable solutions.

In contrast to similar approaches that start with a leading approximation that is piecewise constant and hence
discontinuous, 
the approach taken here is to start with a leading approximation that is piecewise linear but continuous,
and to induce suitable internal boundary conditions on the spatial derivative of the asymtoptotic approximation.
Collectively, these conditions lead uniquely to a temporal evolution formulation of the macroscale dynamics,
informed by the underlying microscale dynamics. Unlike for arbitrary discretisation approaches, this approach
precludes any choice needing to be made as to which finite-element forms the various spatial derivatives may take. 

Intro
-----
...
give burgers u_t = u_xx - alpha u. u_x and mention cole-hopf leads to solution which is unconditionally stable.
Indeed, any piecewise constant solution is an equilibrium, leading to its frequent use as an initial approximation.
[cite]
Such an approximation is discontinuous in u and hence is typically coupled with a continuity condition on u_x,
subject to a smoothing parameter, gamma.
In contrast, the approach taken here is to start with a continuous, piecewise linear approximation 
(which is an equilibrium of the linearised system obtained with alpha=0) 
and to induce a suitable condition on u_x.

Note that although the IBCs appear to be arbitrary, they are not quite so, but are in fact governed by the placement of the grid-points and the 
form of the leading discrete approximation.

Numerical results
-----------------
u(x,0)=Asin x
It should be cautioned that these results are indicative rather than definitive.
[figures]
Observe that all of the various discretisation schemes become more stable as the number of intervals L increases, or,
equivalently, the spatial grid-size H decreases.
Also observe that, as popular wisdom holds/asserts, the advective formulation is the least numerically stable
of all the schemes, and is outperformed by the conservative formulation.
More surprisingly, both the mixture and holistic formulations are less stable than the conservative formulation for small H
(large L). This is despite both former schemes utilising the same ratio of conservative to advective terms as predicted by
Fornberg to be necessary for the stability of the advection equation (nu=0).
